customize: improve resource types vocabulary (#471)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/customize/vocabularies/resource_types.md

>   - linkable

Reviewer: These indentations might as well be corrected too :smile: .

  title:
    en: Doctoral Thesis

- id: publication
  icon: file alternate
  props:
    csl: report
    datacite_general: Text
    datacite_type: ''
    openaire_resourceType: ''
    openaire_type: publication
    eurepo: info:eu-repo/semantics/other
    schema.org: https://schema.org/CreativeWork
    subtype: ''
    type: publication
  tags:
    - depositable
    - linkable
  title:
    en: Publication
```

> As seen in the above example, resource types can be groupped by type (f.e. the thesis examples), or they can be independent (f.e. the publication example). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As seen in the above example, resource types can be grouped by type (e.g., the thesis examples), or they can be independent (e.g., the publication example). 
```

> To group a resource type it can be achieved by adding in the `subtype` field the value of the `id` of the resource type that should be the "parent". When creating subtypes it's important that the `subtype` and the `id` value of the resource type are the same. Otherwise, there will be issues when loading the facets.

Author: Thanks for the suggestions! It's clearer now.

> When groupping resource types, note that the "parent" resource type cannot be a subtype of an another resource type. 

Reviewer: incorporated in the above

```suggestion
```
